	Gameplay
We are the BLIXIES. Hyperspace Helpers from BLIXION. We were navigating
Hyperspace when we opened the portal to enter the Milky Way Galaxy; we
 were curious about our human friends, so we decided to approach and
 maybe revisit planet Earth. When we began the orbit near your moon, by
looking down, we noticed that the vibrant blue planet that we once visited
was in profound chaos and darkness. We heard an explosion that turned the
already pitch-black night sky even darker as we came closer. Dark shapes
 darted in and out of the shadows. Almost invisible grey creatures were
spitting out dark sticky, toxic energy balls on humans, locking them in grey
  boxes, inducing fear and negative energy into their souls. We heard
screams of fear and human souls shouting, begging for help... We answered
 the call, and we are here to help free all human souls and bring vibrant
          rainbow bliss energy back to Planet Earth.
We established Intergalactic collaboration immediately; the Great Masters
allowed us to connect once again with the fearless STAR HEROES that have
descended to Planet Earth. We will guide you to victory that will eliminate
     the Grey Dictator's regime and annihilate his dark minions.


	Blixiverse
A unique and revolutionary play to
earn Ecosystem, a virtual world
 created on the blockchain.
A world of eccentric activities and
free will where you can expand
awareness, empower yourself, and
become the Star Hero hero you
    were born to be.

FAQ

1- What is nft art?

They are digitized artworks whose original is recorded on the blockchain. This is done through a smart contract, which also, makes it possible to market it.

2- What is an nft game? (Marcado de datos estructurados como Faq) 

These are defi video games, which allow players to generate tokens, either by receiving rewards, exchanging game elements with other players, collecting cryptoassets or achieving video game objectives. These tokens, in turn, can be exchanged for cryptocurrencies and continue increasing  their value.


3- How to buy an nft? (Marcado de datos estructurados como Lista)

	1- Configure your wallet and have ready the cryptocurrencies needed to acquire your Nft 		-Usually Ethereum-.
	2- Do a Nft research and select the ones you are interested in.
	3- Connect your wallet to the Marketplace.
	4- Launch your offer.
	5- Complete the transaction.

4- Where to buy Nft crypto art? (Marcado de datos estructurados como Faq)

Digital art assets are traded on platforms such as Opensea, Makersplace, Rarible, Mintable, Solana (Meter links) or proprietary Maketplaces. 


5- What is the best Nft to buy? (Marcado de datos estructurados como Lista)

	1- Analyze the brand.
	2- Review their communities in Social Media.
	3- Make sure the team is trustworthy.
	4- Evaluate the usefulness of the Nfts collection.
	5- Assess the quality of the art.
	6- A higher rarity means a higher value.

6- How to make money with Nft?    

Find collections of Nfts that bring unique and exclusive content of value, as an art revolution, you can also have a good opportunity to make money, by buying - selling, trying to invest in Nfts in early age, with a high revaluation potential.